Our work just started! In fact, we have not even scratched the surface, let alone,
but we are already touching lives positively beyond imaginations. The KSF’s first role is
to educate the general public through extensive education, awareness and enlightenment
campaign for better understanding of our future requirements. The business of insurance
will change, either because we, as an industry, have proactively defined our future, or
because it has been shaped and defined for us by the external influencers that are at work
all around us. The potential for our industry is enormous. This is the time to build new
strategies, embrace innovation, transformation initiatives, and create new ideas that can
succeed in a new digital future.
Poor income source, lack of awareness about education, absence of educational
institutions in rural areas were some drawbacks hindering the progress of education in
India, We are the KSF-INDIA and we are doing everything we can to improve the lives
of our upcoming generation and to develop the means to find a cure for more healthy
tomorrows with creating ideas and initiatives to transform INDIA into a developed
nation.
KSF is fully dedicated to helping the industry modernize, optimize, and innovate to
effectively support today’s needs. Our models, tools, and insights are helping both
insurers and the solution providers that support them to make progress along their
transformation and innovation journeys. KSF’s powerful Next-Gen Insurer framework is
being used widely to reimagine the basics – helping industry participants find ways to
create new levels of agility and competitiveness while harnessing their unique expertise,
enabling them not just to survive, but to thrive in a rapidly changing world.
KSF can help! We offer a unique blend of advisory and consulting services, research,
retainers, events, and innovation offerings that can help you explore the possibilities and
make informed plans and decisions along your journey. We welcome your ideas,
suggestions – and any time and energy you have to share to keep building the
momentum. In just a few minutes, you can volunteer or sign up to help or become an
advisor for public policy changes benefiting those with KSF.
Together, we will make this happen! We look forward to working with your company.
When strategy meets action, everyone is successful!
MY WISH.......

“To wipe out every tear from each eye…to serve suffering humanity.”
SHADAB QURESHI
Co-Founder and Vice-President, KSF-INDIA